Allow changing the number of bins (#3)
ericphanson/BenchmarkPlots.jl: README.md

                         ┌                                        ┐ 
      [    0.0,  1000.0) ┤▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇ 633              
      [ 1000.0,  2000.0) ┤▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇ 493                    
      [ 2000.0,  3000.0) ┤▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇ 342                         
      [ 3000.0,  4000.0) ┤▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇ 940   
      [ 4000.0,  5000.0) ┤ 0                                        
      [ 5000.0,  6000.0) ┤ 1                                        
   ns [ 6000.0,  7000.0) ┤ 0                                        
      [ 7000.0,  8000.0) ┤ 0                                        
      [ 8000.0,  9000.0) ┤ 0                                        
      [ 9000.0, 10000.0) ┤ 0                                        
      [10000.0, 11000.0) ┤ 0                                        
      [11000.0, 12000.0) ┤ 0                                        
      [12000.0, 13000.0) ┤ 1                                        
                         └                                        ┘ 
                                          Counts
min: 5.709 ns (0.00% GC); mean: 2.025 μs (0.00% GC); median: 2.185 μs (0.00% GC); max: 12.989 μs (0.00% GC).
```

> This function gives a nice Gaussian distribution of times, kindly supplied by Mason Protter:

Author: ```suggestion
This function gives a somewhat more Gaussian distribution of times, kindly supplied by Mason Protter:
```
